[LOUD CHATTER]
SAM: What did you
say? Oh. you heard me.
Come on. Keep up. slowpoke.
Well. hey. I don't know
what you're talking about.
You're so lonesome. Sam.
I saw it in your eyes
last night at the lake.
SAM: What? It was dark.
You did not. Did too.
You're carrying that secret
like a 2-ton sack of
feed on your back.
And it doesn't
have to be that way.
Secret? What secret?
Fibber.
[SIGHS]
I ain't in the mood
tonight. little girl.
Daphne?
[♪♪♪]
[RUSTLING]
Well. hey.
Hey. your own self.
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ. you...
You... You... You're a...
Shapeshifter. and proud of it.
How'd you...? How did
you find out about me?
Last night in the woods
I watched a dog
jump in the water
and it came up you.
[CHUCKLES]
Isn't this great?
Yeah.
Yeah. it's... It's pretty great.
You're not alone anymore.
[WOMAN GIGGLING]
Oh. crap. Hand me
my drawers. Yeah.
Hey. Terry.
Arlene.
Hey. Sam.
Daphne. Hey.
Good party.
Yep.
Later. darling. Oh. wait. Wait.
It's in the air. I guess.
Yeah. looks like it.
See you at work.
Right.
[SHRIEKS]
Come on. special lady.
[GIGGLING]
SAM: Daphne?
Wait!
BARRY: Oh. shit. she's
following me. Oh. shit. Shit.
What the fuck are
you? Go away. So afraid.
I'm the last person
you should be afraid of.
And I'm pleased to make your
acquaintance. Sookie Stackhouse.
Gotta go.
We have to talk about
this. No. we don't.
Have a good evening. sir.
Well. excuse you.
Don't do that. He didn't hear.
He's glamoured.
can't you tell? Listen.
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING]
His mind's full of
fog and disco music.
By the way. they can't glamour
me. Can they glamour you?
No. but I fake it.
You ever hear any
vampire thoughts?
God. no.
Don't even say that
out loud. Uh. I didn't.
Listen. I don't know what
little fried corn-on-the-cob town
you're from. or what
candy-ass vampires you're with.
but this is Dallas. baby.
You watch your tone of
voice. Don't you call me "baby."
Dallas vamps are
serious and scary as shit.
Mine are too. thank
you very much.
I had to learn quick
how to handle myself.
If they knew. they
would suck us dry.
They'd do worse than
that. You think I don't know?
That's why we need to swap
stories. We can help each other.
I don't want any help.
Just forget about it.
You can't tell anybody
about me. please.
[SCOFFS]
BILL: Jessica.
we discussed this.
All I did was order
him off the menu.
You didn't say not
to order off the menu.
I would no more allow you
to feed on that young man
than to watch
pornography on television.
Porno? BILL: Jessica...
Hey. Sookie. there's
dirty movies on TV.
I know. yuck.
To your room. please. Tru Blood.
You are going to be so sorry
when I get an eating disorder.
Private! Keep out!
Sookie. where have you been?
I was asking the bellboy
if there's a candy machine.
what's a continental
breakfast...
You cannot wander
off on your own.
The situation here is more
complicated than we thought.
We don't know nearly enough
about the Dallas vampires.
They can't touch me. I'm yours.
Every single part of me.
Completely and totally yours.
I don't think it matters
to them. sweetheart.
As long as it matters to you.
Sookie. Sookie. Sookie.
Tell me you understand.
Promise me you'll do as I say.
not because I say it.
but for your own sake.
Bill. I've known
since the airport
that we're up to our necks in
a big old vampire mess again.
I don't wanna get
beat up or dead.
I'm not gonna do
anything stupid.
Is this room secure.
do you think?
I believe so. but one would...
Then. honey. for a little while.
let's not worry.
We have something
to be happy about.
I don't think so.
Yes. we do.
We're in a vampire hotel.
It's light-tight.
For the very first time...
you don't have to leave
me alone in bed at dawn.
I forgot about that.
I didn't.
My only desire is
to keep you safe.
Your only desire?
Well...
no.
[♪♪♪]
[MUTTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[RINGING]
You're talking to the man.
JESSICA [OVER PHONE]:
Hoyt? Hoyt Fortenberry?
Yeah. Who's this?
Jessica Hamby.
Maybe you don't
remember me. Jessica.
Oh. my Lord.
I remember you. all right.
I can't stop thinking about you.
Really?
I mean. "really" really?
"Really" really and
then some more.
Hoyt! Can you hang on?
Who the heck is calling
you at this time of night?
It's a girl. isn't it?
I know it's a girl.
Well. you tell her it's
not decent or ladylike to...
How dare you lock the
door on me in my own house.
So where were we?
Well. you were telling me
how you couldn't
stop thinking about me.
and. well. I can't stop
thinking about you.
I'm all bored here in Dallas.
You want to. uh. watch
TV together long-distance?
Or I could tell you
about my comic book.
Well. we could do both.
I mean. I would just love that.
Okay.
So it's called Space Tomb.
This time they're
on the planet Astoria
and sea leopards
are just pitching a fit.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[DOOR OPENS. AIR
HORN BLOWS] [YELLS]
Get up! Get up!
Get up! I said get up.
Put on your sweats.
What's happening?
Come on. let's haul your butt
outside. you pansy fangbanger.
Let's go! God.
My God. that's right.
Rise and shine for God!
Come on. let's go.
Move. move. move!
Stand up straight.
Make a line you can be proud of.
Let's go. You're supposed
to be leadership material.
Mrs. Newlin.
I know you're wondering
what this is all about.
Well. God needs your obedience.
God needs your
will and your faith.
And in due time. all
will be revealed to you.
Uh. could somebody
reveal a bathroom?
Because I really need one.
Sorry. not till
you've earned it.
GABE: Jumping jacks. everyone.
Let's go. Maximum effort.
Are you too good
for this. Stackhouse?
I'm telling you. I wanna
see a change in your attitude.
I wanna see command presence.
Are you gonna do
the Lord's work?
You feel like walking
away. go ahead.
You stay. you drop
and give me 30.
I said. give me 30!
[LUKE SNICKERING]
I'll tell you when
you can laugh.
you pissant little sinner.
Give me 50.
Start pushing.
Anyone else?
That the best you ladies can do?
You disgust me.
all of you. Pitiful!
I pray Jesus isn't
watching this crap today.
Hey. come back.
I'm here.
I'm right here with you.
I was just thinking
about Sookie's gran.
She was like my real mom.
Such a good person.
Truly good. through and through.
What would she think of me?
Oh. she'd like you.
She did appreciate
a handsome man.
I wish I could've
met her. Me too.
She made this house the one
place in the world I felt safe.
And now I'm gonna live here.
Mm. happy day
after your birthday.
It's the only good one I
ever had. because of you.
It's the first of
many. Tara Mae.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
This is a continental breakfast?
What's wrong with it?
I just thought it
would be more...
continental.
Well. the Danishes are Danish.
And they're free. Free?
I didn't know that.
Would it be all right if I...?
Yeah. whatever.
Now. Barry. let's get to it.
Why won't you just
leave me alone?
Because I've never met
another telepath. Have you?
No. And don't say that word.
It's what you are.
Nobody else knows
what it's like to be us.
We need to stick together.
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
Yes. it is. My life is shit.
I can't do anything
normal people do.
If I'm not around
vampires. I can't think.
I used to feel exactly the same.
Like I had a disability.
More like a curse.
But lately. since I
met my boyfriend.
it seems like telepathy can
come in handy sometimes.
You can even
make a little money.
I'm starting to see it
in a whole new way.
Then you're even
crazier than I am.
WOMAN: Ow. Brazilian wax.
Feels like that bitch ripped
out my female organs.
Get a vamp to pay for
laser. Somebody. bite me.
SOOKIE: Concentrate.
You can shut it out.
Concentrate so
hard your hair hurts.
Everything goes
quiet. Concentrate...
Quit!
Do you know if Hotel
Carmilla is hiring?
There wasn't
anybody at the desk.
We're fully staffed. but you
can fill out an application.
We'll keep it on file.
Come with me.
You can control it.
I wish it was true.
Barry. it is.
I can teach you how.
There's enough people
in my brain already.
You're on your own.
Right this way.
I dreamed you were gone.
You did?
That's funny. 'cause I was.
Sookie...
It was only for a few minutes.
I had to.
Bill. it's the most
amazing thing.
I met another telepath.
He's not very nice. and
he's not very good at it.
but. oh. it's wonderful knowing
there's somebody besides me.
You made him aware of your
gift after everything I've said?
Not on purpose.
We were in each other's
heads before we knew it.
I thought you'd be happy for me.
The more people
know what you do.
the harder it is for
me to protect you.
He can't even admit
it what he is to himself.
He's not gonna do
any talking about me.
You can't be sure. Yes. I can.
I'm good at this.
Look. if all I'm
supposed to do in Dallas
is shut up and take orders.
I might as well be
slinging beers at Merlotte's.
You're the one who told me
I was more than a waitress.
You are.
But... What?
Never mind.
Talk to me.
Lean on me. I've
leaned on you plenty.
Well. here I am.
responsible for you and Jessica.
and yet no decisions are mine.
And it makes me feel...
Like a human?
Like a waitress.
You're walking in my shoes.
and it's giving you blisters.
Eric is strangely
intense about all this.
It's not like him.
I don't trust it.
Don't you worry about Eric.
We'll do the job and go home.
A deal's a deal.
Sookie. you know what he's like.
What's it to him to break
a contract with a girl?
A woman.
He needs me.
He won't want to make me mad.
I can't lose you.
You never will.
Hope you're enjoying
that Co-Cola. Arlene.
Well. thank you. Daphne. I am.
Because unlike you. I actually
did my closing prep last night.
I'd appreciate it if you gave
me a hand. just for today.
ARLENE: Then you'll never learn.
Now. some people around
here might let you slide on by.
but I'm thinking about
your future as a server.
That's real generous.
Don't forget to
make the iced tea.
Hey. good-looking.
Hey. you.
Terry. could you make
the iced tea for me. please?
Don't you do it. Please?
Uh...
You better not.
[GROANS]
Why the hell are y'all
putting me through this
crap? See what you did?
Mean old freckle-faced
redheaded witch.
Good morning. Daphne.
Back at you. boss.
Hey. why'd you
take off last night?
I looked everywhere for you.
I just went for a little run.
You know. I always seem
to need one after a shift.
SAM: Hey. me too.
I reckon you had all you could
handle for one night anyway.
I reckon you underestimate me.
Guess we'll find out.
When?
Soon. Better be.
Lafayette!
[ARLENE LAUGHING]
Oh. Terry. Lafayette's back.
Thank God. brother. Thank God.
Can we talk?
Where the fuck have you been?
Couldn't pick up a damn phone?
Sorry.
Well. sorry's not good enough.
Not only did you
leave us high and dry.
but there are people here
who give a shit about you.
We didn't know if you
were alive or dead.
Wait. ordinarily.
right about now.
you'd be telling me to fuck off
in some colorful
and creative way.
Well. you want to
talk. do some talking.
Sam.
all I want to know is.
can I have my job back?
I ought to tell you to fuck off.
All that pressure in the kitchen
just about put Terry
back in the VA hospital.
Yeah. of course you
can have your job back.
The place ain't the
same without you.
Thank you. Sam.
Lafayette.
What happened to you?
GABE: It's midnight.
You're out of ammo.
You got five hungry
vampires snapping at your ass.
What are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do? MEN: Run.
Run fast.
[GRUNTING]
JASON: Whoa. whoa. get up.
You gotta keep going. Guy.
Five hungry. snapping vampires.
Fuck it. I hate this. I just
want to be a bank teller again.
That's fine. dude. Let
the vampires chew you up.
You're not good enough
to lead for the Lord.
That's how you
do it. Stackhouse.
You better pace yourself.
This is my pace. Whoo!
Asshole.
[FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING]
Are you still here?
Or did you come back?
Karl and I slept over.
Don't you remember?
Maybe not. You were
having a very nice time.
Maybe not. What's all this?
Oh. looks like we
need a place to stay.
Stay today? Stay tonight?
Eh. Little while.
But you have your own home.
That's not mine.
What? It belongs
to one of my clients.
He was out of the country.
but he's back this morning.
I'm sure I told you. no?
No. You... You didn't. Hm.
Look. I-I hate to tell you this.
but this isn't gonna work.
But I assumed...
I mean. we've all been
so happy living together.
That you'd want
to have us close.
Maryann. I'm a
guest here myself.
I can't be having a
house full of people
Sookie doesn't even know.
She wouldn't mind.
You explain how
much we mean to you.
Don't get me wrong. I
couldn't be more grateful
for everything
you've done. but...
I don't feel right about this.
You can't move in.
I'm sorry.
Oh. I see. Okay.
[PLAYING GUITAR]
Did you know Maryann wants
us all to be roommates here?
Cool. I guess that other
guy came back from Peru.
No. not cool. Not gonna
happen. I just moved in.
Okay. fine. we can go somewhere
else. if that's how you feel.
That's all you got to say?
Relax. It's no big deal.
What...? What are you.
nomads? Fucking Bedouins?
We move around a bit.
Nothing wrong with that.
Nothing except I didn't
know. You could've told me.
Who cares? What matters is
being with the people you love.
Well. other things matter too.
Like knowing the truth
about the people you love.
So while we're on the subject.
what exactly is your
thing with Maryann?
Well. when I was ready
to lay down and die.
she lifted me up.
same as she did you.
Now you follow her
wherever she goes?
I'm not her dog. if that's
what you're trying to say.
And why all of a sudden are
you so paranoid about Maryann?
Because I'm trying
not to be a fool.
Know what this is really about?
Your history is so fucked up.
you have no clue what family is.
That's not fair.
I do have a clue.
Sort of.
Kind of.
Who gives a damn about a house?
Maryann. Karl and me.
we take care of each other.
We took care of you.
That's family. Tara.
How are we gonna work
on our defensive tactics
if we can't even climb a fence?
Let's go. Next. come on.
Go on. Come on.
Get up there. get up
there. Let's go. come on.
Come on.
See? You should
have paced yourself.
If you're laying down.
you better be dead.
Stand up.
Come on.
Why do you embarrass me?
Why do you straight-out
embarrass me?
What's your name. failure?
LUKE: Luke. It's Luke.
Well. Luke. your entire family
has been ambushed by vampires.
and they're bleeding to death
on the other side of this fence.
No. Yeah. Yeah. they are.
Your mama and daddy are
drowning in buckets of their own blood
calling your name. It's
gonna be over in 30 seconds.
Let's go.
Nice work. Luke.
They're gone. Massacred.
You'll never see them again.
and it's your own damn fault.
Stay right there. LUKE: I tried.
Now what are you gonna do?
He's a big fat loser.
He's brought shame on
himself. shame on you.
and shame on his religion.
What's a real leader gonna do?
LUKE: Just get rid of me.
Just leave me.
Up to you.
[♪♪♪]
Luke. look at me.
Hey.
It's only a damn fence. Come on.
Come on.
I got you. brother.
[GRUNTS]
It's not too late.
You're gonna save your family.
Now that's a fricking
soldier of God.
[SARAH CLAPPING]
Good job. SARAH:
Good job. Jason.
Praise his light.
Whoo!
Whoo! Good work.
GABE: Next. Let's go.
let's go. Come on. guys.
[♪♪♪]
MAN: You should have told me
Eric hired a fucking human. Isabel.
Now. wait just a minute.
Respect her. Thank you.
I couldn't tell you. Stan.
You've been off on
your own for days.
Are you certain Godric was
abducted by the Fellowship?
Yes. No.
They're the only ones with
the organization and manpower.
But they're amateurs. It
doesn't make any sense.
This is Godric we're talking
about. 2000 years old.
STAN: Old don't make you
smart. [MOUTHS] Two thousand?
Besides. there's no proof.
If they've got him. I'll
hear it. That's my job.
There's no reason to wait.
We need to take these
fanatics down. Full-out attack.
Exterminate them like the
vermin they are. leave no trace.
Hm. Vampire-hating church
annihilated. Wonder who did it?
Fucking brilliant.
I doubt the king of Texas
would approve the destruction
of our international
political agenda.
Fuck that.
The Great Revelation is the
biggest mistake we ever made.
Don't use Godric to make
your own little power play.
You're completely incompetent.
What's happened to Godric
that he surrounds
himself with clowns?
We invited you as a courtesy.
This is not your territory.
You have no voice here.
STAN: Yeah. sheriff.
Why don't you run on
back down to Louisiana?
We don't need you
or your puppets.
Oh. I'm not going anywhere.
And I'm nobody's puppet.
What we need is a plan.
I have a plan.
It's not a plan. it's a movie.
It's not a movie. it's a war.
Idiots.
NEWLIN: I'm in the
middle of something.
You can't come in here
when I'm in front of my people.
SARAH: I wanna
talk to you about it.
How can I get them
to respect me...?
We are supposed to be partners.
We are partners.
Then why does Gabe
always know more than I do?
I don't have time for this.
You mean you don't
have time for me.
This is very valuable
information. Gabe.
It's excellent work.
I told both of you I
don't care for this.
You're going too darn far.
Thank you. Reverend Newlin.
I'll. uh. put things in motion.
Thanks.
You don't listen to
me at all anymore.
NEWLIN: What?
Jason.
Oh. Uh. you wanted me?
Yes. You were fantastic today.
Steve. he was such a warrior.
So you said. I'm impressed.
You're rising to the
next level. recruit.
I am? Well. what's that?
Come take a little walk with me.
I'll go too. We got it. honey.
I'm going to show you something
that very few people have seen.
Man to man? Sometimes
I almost understand
why some people
believe in divorce.
But you got Sarah. Yeah.
I got her even when I don't
want her. Heh. heh. heh.
Oh. you know I'm just kidding.
All right. you ready? Yes. sir.
Light of Day Institute
Research and Development.
Holy sh...
Holiness.
[CHUCKLING]
Yeah. We're not exactly sure yet
of all the ways
to take them out.
At first. we just
focused on the guns.
but then we thought. "Well.
hey. what's a wooden arrow?"
Well. it's an itty-bitty stake.
That's right. Jason.
An itty-bitty stake to drive
through a vampire's dead.
rotten heart at 324
feet per second.
And that's all she wrote.
I got silver bullets.
silver bullets with holy
water. wooden bullets.
We talked about those. Yes. sir.
A flamethrower. Whoa. man.
Silver throwing stars.
Now. that I wouldn't
have thought of.
[GRUNTS]
Decapitation might work.
so. uh. we got a guillotine
on order. just in case.
What...?
Oh. that's a machine
like a giant razor.
Shwoop. Cuts
the heads right off.
Shwoop.
Yeah. I bet that'd
do it. all right.
There's one good thing
about having these
hell beasts among us:
We'll find better
ways to kill 'em.
[CHUCKLES]
Amen. Amen.
Keep it running.
We're not going in.
[♪♪♪]
You wanna give me
your orders. please?
We already gave our
orders to that other girl. twice.
Sorry. she sucks.
And what's with that fool
bartender? Where's our beers?
Ugh. Tara!
You don't need any beers.
Your butt's as big as a barn.
Well. you look like
you're pregnant.
Nice of you to show
up for work tonight.
I said I was sorry.
I would have got fired.
Lucky you slept with the boss.
Arlene. Tara. step up your game.
We're way behind.
Arlene. don't make me
fire you for talking trash.
You be nice to her.
Sam. It's Tara's fault.
What's my fault?
Sleeping where you eat.
Jesus Christ. Terry.
what'd I ever do to you?
You leave him alone.
And give me my beers.
You know what? Here they are.
Fuck you very
much. Fuck you too.
DAPHNE: Okay. I'm
gonna go just get my...
Son of a... Go. Daphne.
Bitch!
Congratulations. Arlene.
You're Merlotte's best waitress.
Frankly. I aim a little higher.
Well. aim the plates for
the tables. That's all I ask.
Hope I'm nicer to
people when I'm your age.
Tara. how freaking
long do I have to wait
for my 7 and 7. diet and rum.
two Scotches and a screwdriver?
You never gave me
that order. I was here.
You weren't paying attention.
No. you weren't. and yes. I was.
What's the holdup on my tequila?
You never asked
me for any tequi...
You know. I think
Tara's on drugs.
Tara. you high? I wish I was.
the way everybody's dogging me.
Tara. Tara.
Tara.
Fuck all of y'all!
SAM: Lafayette. get out my way.
We're done.
[WATER SPLASHING]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Get on out of here.
Bathtub's occupied.
I know.
Sarah?
Did I stay too long?
Do you want me to leave?
Please don't.
I'll help you.
[MOANS]
Mary Magdalene
washed the feet of Jesus.
and dried 'em with her hair.
Isn't that lovely?
Yeah.
We... But wasn't she. like. a...
hooker?
She was not.
Everybody thinks so. but...
that's not in the Bible.
She admired Jesus.
She loved him.
And she wanted to show him.
No.
You don't mean it.
No. I don't.
but I ought to.
Do you know what I think?
I think that after
all your trials...
heartache and pain...
God wants you to have a reward.
Are you sure?
Let me reward you. Jason.
Let me help you find
your way back to joy.
[BOTH PANTING]
[BOTH MOANING]
STAN: We take them all out
at once. Pre-emptive strike.
Of course. so the federal
government can bomb us
back into the Middle Ages.
Things were better then.
Then go to Romania and live
in a cave. you ranchero poser.
[YELLS] [GLASS SHATTERS]
Godric has protected
you. made you rich.
and you stand here spitting
and scratching like infants.
Don't any of you care that
there's a traitor in your midst?
No. Impossible.
Someone tried to kidnap
me from the airport.
You were the only ones
that knew she was coming.
Explain.
Unless it was you.
Look. if y'all argue anymore.
I'm gonna fall asleep
or start screaming.
so this is what we're gonna do:
I'll infiltrate the
Fellowship of the Sun.
Absolutely not.
Let her speak.
Bill glamoured the kidnapper.
no one knows who I am.
I'll join the church.
check out their thoughts.
No. During the day.
none of us can help you.
It'll only take a little while.
Really. Bill. It's simple.
Waste of time...
when we could drink them all.
I want no part of this.
There's no easier way to
find out if they're involved.
If it leads us to
Godric. we'll do it.
[DOOR SLAMS]
The decision is made.
A few words.
So tell me.
how goes your
human-vampire relationship?
You knew it would come to this.
She was just clawed and poisoned
by a creature we don't
know and we can't find.
and now. in Dallas.
you're playing with her life.
It's no game to me.
All this for a colleague?
For the sheriff of Area 9?
Why?
[PANTING AND GRUNTING]
[BIRD CAWS]
[IN SWEDISH] Go on.
I'm finished.
Go on.
[IN SWEDISH] No.
[IN SWEDISH] Eric...
you saved our lives
a hundred times.
We won't leave you
to be eaten by wolves.
GUNNAR: We'll wait
for the end by your side.
HROLF: We'll give
you a hero's farewell.
The gods wait
for you in Valhalla.
There will be a party with meat
and gold and beer.
And women? Will there be women?
Wherever I am...
there will always be women.
[GUNNAR & HROLF LAUGHING]
[GRUNTING]
[RUSTLING]
All will be well.
Don't be afraid.
I'm not afraid.
I'm pissed off.
[LEAVES RUSTLING]
Who's there?
[♪♪♪]
Show yourself!
[GRUNTING]
Are you Death?
[IN SWEDISH] I am.
But you're just a little boy.
I'm not.
My men...
Dead.
You swine.
I watched you on the
battlefield last night.
I never saw anyone
fight like you.
I would fight you
now if I could.
[CHUCKLES]
I know.
It's beautiful.
What are you waiting for?
Kill me.
Could you be a
companion of Death?
Could you walk with
me through the world...
through the dark?
I'll teach you all I know.
I'll be your father...
your brother. your child.
What's in it for me?
What you love most:
Life.
[SLURPING]
[GRUNTING]
Godric is my maker.
[BLUES MUSIC PLAYING]
Thanks for helping me close.
DAPHNE: Oh. yeah.
I broke a lot of things today.
It's the least I can do.
Well. I'm sure you'll
make it up to me.
I'm sure I will.
Mm. Nice.
You run a little hot.
Yeah.
Everybody else is 98.6.
but I'm always around 100. 101.
Me too. It's a shifter thing.
Yeah? I never knew.
I can't believe I'm the
first one you've ever met.
I mean. we're not common.
but we are out there.
Ran into a few werewolves. Ugh.
But nobody like us.
What's it feel like
when you change?
Like sparks
running all over my skin.
Used to scare
the shit out of me.
Mm-hm. Me too.
But now it just feels awesome.
Yeah. and there's...
There's sort of a build.
like a pressure.
Where does it start?
Here?
Maybe...? Maybe here?
Probably here. isn't it?
That's where it hits me.
Yeah. that's it.
right about there.
Sparks start flying inside too.
And you feel all lit up
like a broke power cable.
Or a Christmas tree.
And you just explode.
[MOANING]
Well. are you gonna
say it or should I?
Say what?
Nice rack.
Nice balls.
I have to ask a
question. Human stuff.
I'll wait for you
at the elevator.
Excuse me. is Barry the
bellboy working tonight?
No. I'm sorry. Barry quit today.
What?
Oh. shoot.
Thanks.
TARA: Are you waiting up for me?
I guess I am.
Rough night?
Really rough.
We looked at houses
today. We didn't find anything.
but don't worry. we'll
be out by morning.
I filled the fridge with
your favorite things.
and I made you dinner.
Don't go.
I'll call Sookie.
I want you to stay.
You're so good to me.
You know why I'm good to you?
Because you need it so much.
And because it makes
you bloom like a flower.
[SIGHS]
Look at you.
King of Sheba.
Hey. baby.
[GROANS]
You saw them
in the lair tonight.
Despicable.
Vicious. petty. vile creatures.
You're different.
You're not like them.
Bill. you're not.
You have a heart.
whether it beats or not.
You can love.
There wasn't one other vampire
there that could say the same.
Let's slip away back
to Bon Temps right now.
Let them devour each
other and leave us alone.
You know we can't do that.
Stan's as nutty as
a fruitcake. and...
I gave my word to Eric.
If anything happens
to you in that church. I...
Don't say it.
Don't even think it.
I'll be in and out. easy-peasy.
Oh. Bill.
It's been a long night.
Don't feel like you have to.
Quit talking crazy.
I just meant that...
I'd be satisfied to
simply hold you.
Well. I would not be satisfied.
Not one bit.
Then what do you want. Sookie?
Say it.
I want you.
Every which way.
I just want you.
[♪♪♪]
[BILL & SOOKIE PANTING]
SOOKIE: Oh. Bill.
[♪♪♪]
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app